feat: updated miscellaneous documentation (#51)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: advanced/faq.rst

** Comment required here once ESC script supports querying the current state
of an ESCItem

How do I create a cutscene?
---------------------------

A cutscene is a non-interactive part of the game where the player will watch
part of the story unfold. This could be short, like seeing a sunrise through
the bedroom window before you're allowed to make the player wake up and move
around, or long, telling the whole backstory of the game and its characters.

In Escoria, the cutscene is created through Escoria script and just requires

> a series of script commands to show graphics or animate sprites in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a series of commands to show graphics or animate sprites in your
```

game world.

You can start your cutscene when your room appears by placing the commands

> as part of the ready event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as part of the `:ready` event.
```

:doc:`https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/scripting/z_esc_reference.html#ready-label`

Alternatively, you can start your cutscene when the player walks through a

> trigger area, or interacts with an object. For example, this script is attached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trigger area or interacts with an object. For example, this script is attached
```

to a "button" in the scene, and runs a cutscene when the button is "pushed".

.. code-block::

>   push:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :push
```

  accept_input NONE

Blocking
~~~~~~~~

> Escoria script commands fit into 2 main categories, blocking and non-blocking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Escoria script commands fit into 2 main categories: blocking and non-blocking.
```

> Using commands of the right type is essential to your cutscene running the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using commands of the correct type is essential to your cutscene running the
```

way you expect it to. You can mix blocking and non-blocking commands.

Blocking commands have to complete entirely before the next command in the

> script will be executed. Non-blocking commands are commands that are started,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
script is executed. Non-blocking commands are commands that are started
```

and control is passed immediately to the next command in the script.
Non-blocking scripts allow for commands to run in parallel.

.. hint::

>   Though the blocking commands generally have "_block" as part of their names,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Though blocking commands generally have "_block" as part of their names,
```

>   some commands without that (like `wait`) will also block. See the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  some commands that don't (like `wait`) will also block. See the command
```

  reference to confirm if the command you want to use is blocking or not.
  :doc:https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/scripting/z_esc_reference.html

In this first example

> * The player will walk to location [100,100]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The player will walk to location (100,100)
```

* Once they arrive, the "queen_arrives" animation will start.

> * As the "queen_arrives" animation was started with the non-blocking `anim`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As the "queen_arrives" animation is started with the non-blocking `anim`
```

command, the "cat_runs_to_throne" animation will also start at the same
time.
* Once the blocking "cat_runs_to_throne" animation has completed, the
"queen_leaves" animation will run.

.. code-block::

  walk_to_pos_block player 100 100
  anim queen queen_arrives
  anim_block cat cat_runs_to_throne
  anim queen queen_leaves

.. image:: img/cutscene_timeline.png
   :alt: Working cutscene timeline

.. hint::

  Be wary of the lengths of animations when mixing blocking and non-blocking
  commands. In the above example, if the "queen_arrives" animation
  takes more time to complete than the "cat_runs_to_throne" animation, the
  cutscene will not work as expected. The "queen_leaves" animation will
  commence as soon as the cat animation completes

>   (i.e while the "queen_arrives" animation is still playing.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (i.e while the "queen_arrives" animation is still playing).
```

.. image:: img/cutscene_timeline_2.png
   :alt: Broken cutscene timeline

> The accept_input command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `accept_input` command
```

  set_animations player res://game/characters/mark/mark_animations_jester.tres

How do I add audio speech to my game?
-------------------------------------

See :doc:`https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/getting_started/dialogs.html#recorded-speech`

How do I translate my game into other languages?
------------------------------------------------

See :doc:`https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/getting_started/dialogs.html#translations`

How do I add a score to my game ?
---------------------------------

* In your initial game room's setup script, create a score global variable
  and set it to 0.

> * When you pick up an ESCItem or interact with an NPV in some way that would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you pick up an `ESCItem` or interact with an NPC in some way that would
```

  score points, add or subtract from the score variable by using the
  `inc_global` and `dec_global` commands.
* How you display the score will be dependent on the user interface
* As the score is a global variable, it will save and load without any extra
  work as part of Escoria's save/load process.

Can you show me a basic room script?
------------------------------------

> A suggested template for a room script looks like this (this uses a library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A suggested template for a room script looks like this (using a library
```
